Problem Statement 1: Retrieve Customer Information with Rental History
Retrieve the customer's first name, last name, and the number of rentals they have made. Include customers who have not made any rentals as well.

Problem Statement 2: Display Films and Their Rental Count
Display film titles along with the number of times each film has been rented. Include films that have not been rented at all.

Problem Statement 3: List Customers and Their Rentals
List customers with their rental details (rental ID, rental date, and return date if available). Include customers who have not made any rentals.

Problem Statement 4: Show Films and Customers Who Rented Them
Display film titles and the names of customers who have rented each film. Include films that have not been rented.

Problem Statement 5: Explore Rental Returns and Late Fees
Retrieve rental ID, return date, and any associated late fees. Include rentals that have not been returned yet, displaying a NULL return date for these rentals.

Problem Statement 1: Retrieve Films and Rental Details
Retrieve film titles and rental details (rental ID, rental date, and return date if available). Include films that have not been rented.

Problem Statement 2: Display Rentals and Associated Customers
Display rental details (rental ID, rental date, and return date if available) along with the names of customers who made those rentals. Include rentals that have not been rented.

Problem Statement 3: List Payments with Customer Information
List payment details (payment ID, amount, and payment date) along with the names of customers who made those payments. Include payments that have not been made.

Problem Statement 4: Show Actors and Films They Acted In
Display actor names and the titles of films they have acted in. Include actors who have not acted in any films.

Problem Statement 5: Explore Staff and Their Associated Stores
Retrieve staff details (staff ID, first name, last name) and the store they are associated with. Include staff who are not associated with any store.